Update GCP uninstall intructions (#96)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/proc-aap-gcp-delete-sevice-account.adoc

[id="proc-aap-gcp-delete-service-account"]

= Deleting the service account

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If a new service account was created for the deployment and if it is not use anywhere else, it could be deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new service account was created for the deployment and if it is not used anywhere else, it can be deleted.
```
